today I'm going to show you three super hairstyles
easy to go out with your partner yo
personally you do not like valentine
so you can use them in any
date that is not in an exit with
your partner remembers giving you a great
like this video and also subscribe
here below I hope you enjoy them
this from libya i the truth I stayed
also bad parts
for the first decedent I will take my comb and
then I will give my hair very well
then I will take a lock from each side and
I will tie a knot
and then I'll take a boy ping and what
I'll secure in the middle and then I'll
take two more missions on each side a
little bit lower and I'll make another knot and what
would secure each side with some bobby pins
we finished
uy
for the second hairstyle the first thing that
I will do it will be to separate vip or gina after
I will divide my hair on one side
and then I will divide it again
from the side that I have more hair
then tie the rest of the hair in the
back side
and I'm going to use this better
in the top part I will take a little
of hair and that strand to divide it into
two
etc
I will begin to wrap the part that
I stay behind
and the forelock also what
wrap in the same way
both wrap it until they fit
tight and the front strand what
I will pass over the one behind
I will repeat this again
then I will add some hair
to the back strand
and I'll start wrapping it until it's
tight tight
and then I'll pass the lock in front
over the back only once and
I will add again more hair to the lock
from behind it will wrap very well and repeat
again the process
made to give me selected
when it arrives more or less at this height
I will finish wrapping all the hair of
this way
and then I'll secure the tips with a
rubber
and then I'll take this pretty and what
I will secure
let go of the rest of the hair that I had
moored behind and one option is that
you can take the hair from the side
opposite and lift it a little bit with a
bobi pings gymnastics of the 'law sinde'
it's expensive
or you can leave it completely loose
and we already finished with this hairstyle the mass
danced good
for the last hairstyle I will comb very
well my hair to make sure I do not
be added and then divide the hair
in front of each side
and then in the back I'll take
two strands and tie it with a rubber band
I'll make a hole in the middle and go through there
the hair
then I'm going to take 2 million plus a
little bit lower and they tied it
again with a rubber band I will make a hole in
the middle and pass the head over for 3
sea
finally I'll take two locks down
and tied it again with a rubber band
I'll make a hole in the middle and go through there
The hair
and then I'm going to take the millions that
I had left front and I'm going to make sure
with some hooks if they have hair
long as I the tips that on these
tufts can hide the under the
hair
I'll take the lock from the other side and also
I will secure with a hook the
tips and I will enter it below the
hair
Now I'm going to take a couple of these
hooks and I'm going to hide the tires with
them and this is the result of the hairstyle
final I hope you enjoyed it and
If it was like that, I like it and also
subscribe if now tell me in the
comments what has been your hairstyle
Favourite
and on top of it, it's nothing
mayer
this fact of being alive
stationary selected
judgment